readme.md, before:

# JLXH PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jlxh/laravel.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jlxh/laravel)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/64994739/shield?style=flat)](https://styleci.io/repos/64994739)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)

JLXH PHP Framework is based on Laravel which is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax.

## Installation

In order to install JLXH PHP Framework, just clone

    $git clone https://github.com/jlxh/laravel.git

or you can run the `composer require` command from your terminal:

    $composer require jlxh/laravel

install dependency assets packages:
    
    $cd public
    $npm install

## Configuration


### Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the JLXH PHP Framework! Looking forward to your pull request.

### License

The JLXH PHP Framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

use laravel elixir to manager web assets

readme.md, after:

# JLXH PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jlxh/laravel.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jlxh/laravel)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/64994739/shield?style=flat)](https://styleci.io/repos/64994739)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/jlxh/laravel/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/jlxh/laravel)

JLXH PHP Framework is based on Laravel which is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax.

## Installation

In order to install JLXH PHP Framework, just clone

    $ git clone https://github.com/jlxh/laravel.git

or you can run the `composer require` command from your terminal:

    $ composer require jlxh/laravel

This framework use [laravel-elixir](https://laravel.com/docs/elixir) to manager assets, which is based on [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/).

so, you should install gulp and other denpendencies first:

    $ npm install

then, gulp the assets:

    $ gulp

The `gulp` command will auto compile assets(npm packages, custom js and css) into `public/` folder.

## Configuration


### Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the JLXH PHP Framework! Looking forward to your pull request.

### License

The JLXH PHP Framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
